Corrections to CMakeLists (#9265)
CGAL/cgal: Periodic_4_hyperbolic_triangulation_2/test/Periodic_4_hyperbolic_triangulation_2/CMakeLists.txt

  create_single_source_cgal_program("test_p4ht2_removal.cpp")
  create_single_source_cgal_program("test_p4ht2_insert_degenerate.cpp")
else()

>   message("NOTICE: This program requires the CGAL (or LEDA), and will not be compiled.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  message("NOTICE: This program requires the GMP library or the LEDA library, and will not be compiled.")
```

Author: I don't understand as the `else()` is from the test: `if(CGAL_Core_FOUND OR LEDA_FOUND)` so no mentioning of GMP in the if construct.

Author: @afabri 
So is my correction correct or should the `if` be changed (and how)?

Reviewer 2: fixed
